# CS230-SNHU
CS230 class work

The software that was being asked of us to produce was the server space for a game that was currently produced on Android which was called "Draw it or Lose it". They had the desire to develop the game for other systems such as Windows, Linux and MacOS which would extend the reach of their product. We opted for a Linux developement model which provided the desired capabilities and flexibility for the required operating systems. I think I provided very clear recommendatiuons for why we should opt for the Linux servers. I discussed different IDE's and server requirements, indicating a streamlined transition that uses already in-use code to make it simple. Since Android already runs off of a Linux kernel, a transition to Linux OS would make this relatively easy. Similar to writing out PsuedoCode, creating this document just provided a chance to think out processes revolving around how the code should be designed. In was nmot actually helpful for me in writing the code since I was absolutely lost on how to use Maven and what exactly I was accomplishing/writing. I would remove the pro con list from the development requirements and only provide lists for the work on the OS systems that were actually in the running like Linux and Windows. I think we knew early on that MacOS was never in the running so I feel like we wasted a lot of time on that. For the needs of the company, they were pretty plainly stated in their requirements that they needed help with the outreach into other developement systems. It is very important to take itesm like this into consideration for the simple reason of sales and company development. As a company, we should always strive to provide the client with exactly what they desire in software, and we can only accomplish this by asking questions and providing updates as desired. I approach software design as a full picture, I am not able to compartmentalize a project until I have a full view of what the finished project should look like. This may change in the future as I get into more Scrum type projects. In the future, I plan to ask more questions regarding the finished product and creating a to do list for each step required.
